<object data="../other-files/meeting-notes/Wanderers Weekly Update June 14.pdf" type="application/pdf" width="700px" height="700px">
    <embed src="../other-files/meeting-notes/Wanderers Weekly Update June 14">
        <p>This browser does not support PDFs. Please download the PDF to view it: <a href="../other-files/meeting-notes/Wanderers Weekly Update June 14.pdf">Download PDF</a>.</p>
    </embed>
</object>

Jun-14-2025 Community Meeting  
**Kudos**

* Anorak \- recognise the good news that Pat is back
* Patrigan \- kudos to everyone for the vote of confidence
* Wout \- recognise people staying active
* Patrigan \- kudos to everyone who voted on the palette poll

**Team Updates**

* Grimm stepped down from Lore Coordinator
* Not sure if a new coordinator slot will open up, still need to discuss

**Whats next?**

* Server move preview
    * Vote isn’t over yet, but likely happening
    * Advantages of server move
        * Setting up additional bots/apps/tools
            * Greeseeks (Meeseeks) \- handles ticketing, automation, moderation
    * Adjusted the server organization
* Continued brainstorming in forums

**Community Updates**

* Server Move Preview
    * Project Hub
        * Overall project resources
        * Meeting space
    * Community (the connecting area)
        * Getting to know project members
        * Contains general chat and other non-project focused channels (like memes)
    * Ideas Hub
        * Develop a pitch
        * Discuss how the idea interacts
    * Feature Development Updates
        * Pitch to Feature
            * Contains a dev backlog and a prioritization process on what should be handled next
        * Game Design
            * This touches many areas of the project and needs to be focused for everyone to be part of it
            * May touch on game design from other games
            * Don’t plan on having a coordinator, but may have a game design contributor for focused pings
            * As it is new, we may need to tweak as we work this into the process
            * Balance and tuning \- discussed here
        * Development
            * Should closely mirror the dev space in Wolds today
            * Might not keep the dev-tasks forum as GitHub should be used
        * 0.2.0 Focus
            * Guild tools backend
            * Currencies
                * System for them so we can have currencies in the modpack
            * Abilities

**Team Updates**

* Update from Lore
    * Server move preview
        * Introduction
            * What to expect from the sections within lore
        * Tasks
            * Encourage diversity
            * Maintain distributed leadership
            * Efficiency
            * Tasks created by lore leadership
                * Volunteers will take ownership of tasks
                * Drive conversation, push towards a vote
                * Some small things might not have a vote
                * Owner makes sure the task is in a ready state to move forward with it
                * Goal is to have several things moving forward at one time
* Update from Art
    * Palette poll completed \- Celestial Woven
    * Server move preview
      * Art Bulletin is for 
        * Our overall big to-do lists and where we post stuff like we did before 
        * Meeting notes 
        * General Minecraft Art How-to Guidelines like the one previously posted that talks about the darker outlines and such 
        * Helpful links / programs post like before 
        * Our Art Direction - like our palette we voted on and our branding 
* Update from Build
    * Server move preview
        *  Feels familiar
    * Mod poll completed \- add all the mods won\!
    * Stairs poll completed \- Have 90% runable
* Update from Modpack Dev
    * Server Move Preview
        * Integrating different mods together, coordinator by CyberDay
        * Any updates or config changes will be mentioned here, but bigger discussions should happen elsewhere

**Q\&A**

* Patrigan \- how is everyone feeling after seeing all of this?
    * People generally excited in chat
* Rachaelrose1212 \- when can I get my hands on the new discord?
    * Patrigan \- possibly by the next big meeting/in one week June 20th, but more work needs to be done before then (bots, for example)
        * WotR area of Wolds isn’t going anywhere
        * Encourage people to still stick around Wolds
    * Req \- there will be onboarding for new Discord
    * Stuff has been copied, but more assistance might be needed from the whole team
* Galactic\_15 \- How will future-gamplay-ideas be handled
    * Patrigan \- same as everything else
    * Req \- Majority of it is already summarized and doesn’t need to be moved over
    * Cjzech \- We will need to go through and move what is needed

**Attendees**  
Barry Allen  
Patrigan  
Robotmonkey  
Cjzech  
Wout  
Anorak  
rachaelrose1212  
Sp3cialK  
Donoraffe  
WarrenGore  
jyu  
ImplementsLegends  
Req  
Kiara  
Galactic\_15  
MelancholicAdventurer  
MooMarMouse  
RiftedArt  
wagoogus
