<object data="../other-files/meeting-notes/Wanderers Weekly Update June 28.pptx.pdf" type="application/pdf" width="700px" height="700px">
    <embed src="../other-files/meeting-notes/Wanderers Weekly Update June 28.pptx.pdf">
        <p>This browser does not support PDFs. Please download the PDF to view it: <a href="../other-files/meeting-notes/Wanderers Weekly Update June 28.pptx.pdf">Download PDF</a>.</p>
    </embed>
</object>

Jun-28-2025 Community Meeting

**Kudos and Recognition**

- EsZeph \- kudos to Kumara for the ton of effort she’s put into [art-bulletin](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/1377672851334627489)

**Team Updates**

- Patrigan had to step away from the project
- rachaelrose1212 has joined the mod team
- Welcome Kammymaree\!

**Section Updates**

- Lore update
    - [Essence System](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/1382855794827067483)
        - [Vote tied](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/1385832517000499354/1385837130160279684) \- will be working on next steps this week
    - Focus this week
        - 2 guilds for 0.2.0 release
            - [Ability Crafting/Creation Guild](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/1386024438151249971)
            - Essence Guild
        - [Hubworld discussions](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/1385778207298420827)
        - [Sages discussion](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/1385701753533759559)
    - Nothing is sacred, anything can change
        - Please see [Definition of Ready (Pitches to Rework)](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/1377663029595869254/1385358144279937084)
        - New ideas always welcome
- Art Update
    - No major updates
    - Check [art-bulletin](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/13776728513346274) for lots of info from Kumara
- Dev Update
    - Working through [guild quests](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/1377655291490996335/1388390963667275916)
        - Will adjust once basic functionality works

**Q\&A**

- MooMarMouse - Can we change the elevator music for the meeting stage to WotR music?
    - Doesn’t look like it can be changed based on search results
    - Elevator music for WotR?!
- Wout - Cjzech, you mentioned definition of ready, what goes through pitch-to-feature of that part you mentioned
    - Cjzech - there is [a writeup you can read about here](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/1377663029595869254/1385358144279937084). The slide is just saying we can always go and redefine later if needed.
- MattDoesEverything - With the tie regarding essence discussion, what are our next steps for Essence, as it seems to be our base foundation?
    - Cjzech - need to go back and figure out what would work best for the pack. Will work with those who made the essence system suggestions to see if we can rework/re-summarize ideas. See if we can work with Divides by Zero to work out what else is needed with crafting essences/making bigger and stronger essences to better define it for everyone else.
- Danymaddox
    - Barry Allen - we don’t have a protocol, but could maybe create it. Ask the build navigators
    - Wout - best way would be to work with a build navigator so they can add it to the build server. Use your name on the spreadsheet so if there are any questions or feedback you can relay it to them for changes. See Builders Sheets (third bullet point) and other helpful information like build server modpack and build tutorial here: [build-start-here](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/1382748526915747870)

**Attendance**\
Req\
Wout\
Barry Allen\
Cjzech\
WarrenGore\
ImplementsLegend\
MattDoesEverything\
Galactic_15\
MooMarMouse\
Sybil\
Melancholic Adventurer\
rachaelrose1212\
Danymaddox\
Rev\
a1qs\
EsZeph