26 July 2025 Community Meeting

## Kudos & Recognition

Welcome back to the project, maloki!

andydirk \- recognize Wout for pushing things forward with the guild discussions  
andydirk \- appreciate rachaelrose1212 for stepping up and leading design meetings  
andydirk \- kudos to ImplementsLegend for helping andy get ready for the demo  
Wout \- Kudos to andydirk for leading the meeting  
Sp3cialK \- Wout, thank you for specifically setting up [that discussion post](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/1398032637641228338)  
maloki \- Kudos to WarrenGore and Sp3cialK for guiding and touring me when rejoining the project. Warren for Discord channels, Sp3cialK for lore subjects  
Sp3cialK \- apology for how he went about trying to capture feedback from the last vote conclusions  
Danymaddox \- docs look amazing, thanks to everyone working on that, it’s super helpful

## Leadership Update

* Art Navigator
    * Mawbit has stepped down from the role but hopes to contribute in the future
* Mod Dev Navigator
    * Robotmonkey has left the project completely
    * Will look to fill this spot after the summer slow down
* Please respect their privacy

## Accepted Pitches \- Next Steps

* Dev Task Creation
    * Create task list
    * Update Project Board in GitHub
* Build Options
    * Anomaly builds in progress
        * Can never have too many
        * Check out the current ones on the build server next to the large unstable (pink) rooms\!
        * [Feature-backlog post](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/1398602756071100427)
    * Hub World
        * Start working on your ideas of what the Hub World could be
            * Encourage builds, art concepts, and lore ideas
        * Let’s get inspired by each other's ideas\!

## Polls\!

* [Current polls (5 days left):](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/1398024130019856494)
    * Guild shops
    * Guild Currency System
    * Guild Currency Form
    * Guild Progression
    * Guild Quest System
* Upcoming polls
    * Ability Holder ([asset-requests post here](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/1386023939737784472) , poll coming soon\!)

## Living Backlog

* All the work that has been done, is being done, or needs to be done
* A list of tasks to do and their current status
* Good place to look for inspiration on what to work on
* GitHub ticket tie in will come in the future
* [Check out the doc\!](https://wanderers-of-the-rift.github.io/wotr-docs/docs/design/livingbacklog/)
* [active-project post](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/1389999101663252541)

## Demos

* Quest hub block
    * Complete rift (with theme specifics) added in
    * Can tie in guilds in the future
* New themes that use modded blocks
    * Jungle (Alex\_A642)
    * Meadow (Alex\_A642)
    * Colors (rachaelrose1212)
    * Deepfrost (Alex\_A642)
* Tall rift (courtesy of ImplementsLegend)

## Q\&A

* Donoraffe \- Do we have a testable pack?
    * WarrenGore \- Here is the [0.1.4 modpack download](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/1385654366639493152).

## Attendance
andydirk  
rachaelrose1212  
Wout  
WarrenGore  
ImplementsLegend  
Sp3cialK  
maloki  
Donoraffe  
Galactic\_15  
Danymaddox  
a1qs