Jul-12-2025 Community Meeting

## Kudos & Recognition

* Cjzech \- kudos to Sp3cialK and WarrenGore for stepping up in lore while I had other family obligations
* andydirk \- kudos to Sp3cialK for getting Docusaurus set up
* Sp3cialK \- kudos to rachaelrose1212 for putting together the game design meeting together
* Galactic\_15 \- kudos to rachaelrose1212 for the design meeting
* andydirk \- thank the gods for WarrenGore
* Melancholic Adventurer \- kudos to WarrenGore for the buddies/guides idea
* rachaelrose1212 \- kudos to all the people taking meeting notes
* rachaelrose1212 \- thanks Sp3cialK for the hard work on docs\!

## Onboarding Buddies

* [Onboarding Buddies](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/1393013758833590383)
    * Possible name: guides?
* New contributors are paired with a buddy during onboarding
* Buddies assist with tools access, process guidance (tickets, meetings, etc.) and answer questions directly
* Pairing is based on project domain and time zone when possible
* Buddies are voluntary, with a rotating queue to prevent overload
* Onboarding ticket isnâ€™t considered complete until the buddy handoff is confirmed
* Post to volunteer coming by end of the weekend
* Any current contributors are welcome to ask for a buddy as well through a [General Issue Ticket](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/1382069013479424070/1385645453441503346)

## Living Backlog

* [Roadmap to Living Backlog](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/1389999101663252541)
* Move away from a set version system where a set list of features needs to be complete to release a new version to a living backlog
* Prioritized list of features, tasks, and ideas
* Continuously updated as the project evolves
* Not tied to a fixed version numbers or dates
* Releases happen when features are ready
* Supports flexible, iterative development
* Encourages contributor momentum and clarity
* Release what you have ready, when you feel it is good to be released
* [Living backlog docs link](https://wanderers-of-the-rift.github.io/wotr-docs/docs/design/livingbacklog)
    * Check out Docusaurus changes\!

## Pitch to Feature: In Progress

* Pitch Prep\!
    * [Hub World prep](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/1390212047744143420)/[Hub World submission](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/1393030259284119562)
    * [Anomalies (Shrines) prep](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/1388628696822190090)/ [Anomalies submission](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/1393262946737717439)
* [Open Ideas](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/1377661662722658337)
    * Overflowing with topics\! Random selection below\!
        * [Champion Mobs](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/1393021951899078817)
        * [Loot Goblins](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/1393019216709554238)
        * [Gear and Guilds](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/1392500083794251930)
        * [The Amulet of Transference](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/1389147934670717019)
    * Go let your voice be heard!

## Working to an Alpha Release

* Modrinth and CurseForge project pages live\!
    * [CurseForge, still private](https://legacy.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/wanderers-of-the-rift)
* Preparing to work on rift loot and difficulty balance
    * Publish the places where we can tweak balance and loot (Posts coming, can discuss changes in [balance-and-tuning](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/1380508858132336760))
    * Specific loot per theme not possible yet

## Demos

* Guild Quests
    * Fetch quests \- turn in items, can hand in less than needed and amount goes down accordingly or more than needed and it goes back to your inventory. Once total delivered can mark complete to get rewards
    * Defeat enemies
    * [Earlier demo](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/1377655291490996335/1388390963667275916)
* RiftFaster
    * Showed speed with new rift changes, loaded tier 20 in seconds
    * Showed Buzzy Bees, Mesa, Swamp, and Noir themes

## Q\&A

* Galactic\_15 \- Will we ever know who the real slim shady is?
    * Melancholic Adventurer \- I have no idea who slime shady is
    * Cjzech \- Marshall Mathers
* WarrenGore \- Were there any team updates this week?
    * Cjzech \- Lore was the only one with even minor updates, and they were mostly repeats or discussed in the pitch prep section.
    * Cjzech \- There were updates to the [essence system topic](https://discord.com/channels/1374772629298483202/1382855794827067483) in lore trying to merge the proposed ideas. Also, conversations around shrines/anomalies, etc.

## Attendance  
andydirk  
Cjzech  
Melancholic Adventurer  
Sp3cialK  
WarrenGore  
Bullzey1401  
Galactic\_15  
Alex\_A642  
Lins  
jyu  
ybhappy  
Donoraffe  
rachaelrose1212  
ImplementsLegend  
MukiTanuki  
HellFirePvP